NPM: Node Package manager
Used to manage packages for applications.


Install npm: 
    install node: sudo apt install nodejs
    check node version: node -v

    install npm: sudo apt install npm
    check node version: npm -v
Update npm:
    Run: npm install -g npm@7.8.0.
    7.8.0 is the version you want to update to.
    
npm is a package manager like cabal.
Create a new project by creating a new project folder then cd to it and initialize npm using: npm init

Install packages: like express. These packages will appear in the package.json file and downloaded to the node_modules with all its dependancies. Using npm install.
Anyone with this file can install the same packages(dependancies) that your project needs in their computer.
package-lock.json enables you to install the exact version
This means there is no need to commit the node_modules folder.

Package version: x.x.x example 1.3.4 is traslates to major_release.minor_release.patch version.
content-type: "~1.0.4": means that there is compatibilty with all patch updates and not minor or major release.
"express": "^4.17.1": means that there is compatibilty with minor release and patch update. No compatibilty with the next major release.
npm will only install packeges with minor or patch updates

Create a new react app: npx create-react-app my-react-app.
Inside that directory, you can run several commands:
  npm start
    Starts the development server.
  npm run build
    Bundles the app into static files for production.
  npm test
    Starts the test runner.
  npm run eject
    Removes this tool and copies build dependencies, configuration files
    and scripts into the app directory. If you do this, you can’t go back!
We suggest that you begin by typing:
  cd my-react-app
  npm start

devdependancies: dependencies only needed for development, production version of project does not need that.

Install NPM dependecy as devDependency by using: npm install -D <package name> or npm install --save-dev <package name>

